I thought so because I was asked if
I'm a bit of a tutorial
How can I make my hair so high
The bandana should actually be watching
and I first thought it's pretty
pointless then to a higher that
because it is totally easy but
sometimes the simplest things are here
the ones you get the hardest
do you understand me in any case show
I like you my husband
your fest is much fun as
Of course you do it first
hair together
depending on how you want it you can
just i would take her right up there
tie together
you can also wear them open and that
to make a purse I like to do it
this pressure and I wear the bandana
or cloth usually only
otherwise we would have all the extensions
everything i think is coming up
sideways a bit the extensions
out so that one does not wear them I
just a cloth a bandana is easy
only a rectangular cloth with
different patterns
Classically, it is this squiggly
if your muscles do not know if it is
mainz has a name now
something in drackenstein anger like
Shrunken heads stuttgart for a few
Skulls and a few skulls
bones are right here once
a corner in this is a bit
over which passes with and the other
corner exactly so that here, so to speak
Here is how such a long cloth completes
relatively wide
I then usually go in again
because it does not want to go that far
it folds up to the middle back again
and then the other side as well
to the middle and thus we have
a folded cloth a bit something like
a tie and about the width
Of course you can vary that already
depending on how you want it if you want it
you also want to be able to do that more directly
So take the cloth and stick to it
make or you can not quite get that far
collapse that really leave you
above all, a little bit of attention comes to one
I believe in a head shape so I believe
with every head shape you have to be a bit
keep that up for the first time
maybe a bit more in
try
I take that now
Next, you take your own
folded cloth that is now the
outside to see the quasi down here
is and that the inside is the quasi
Folded up here is difficult me
just take my towel here
below
if he firmly and put it to first
head around then this is so here
Drews is a bit away
once that it is straight and is
usually once here
on the other side just once a
turned that it fits tight here
and then you just do it like at
shoes bind a little sand first
only 1 and then you look in the mirror like
sits one can of course members
make the grind or lateral
I usually have it on the right side
you limp again and watch out
and if everything is ok you do it
his second grind and that was it
with me already with me it is real
relatively simple I do not know exactly
my head shape is but I have to
mooring cling nothing
if if you actively relatively flat
So have your bones behind you
So we need this apartment is the
Right this way
Here he is considered high and the head goes
you call out and so on and this one here
make man oxy vitalis behind the head
and if it's cracking then it can be
that it constantly seeks to slip up
then just take some bobby
pins so a few small h clamp and
one goes from below into the hairline
be that they are in here then
the other side should be here once and
but then it should last
I usually know it that way in the beginning
over the order the band but over the
even behind the ears that day
Not that bad because I got that
not so prominent ears or I have
protruding ears
I'm not so
that's about it that was the whole thing
magic and put it is really simple
i might like that attitude as well
how to fold the cloth maybe
it is very important is yes
different methods maybe times
that is faster or whatever it is
I came to fold very differently
But I think with this method super
it is beautiful, it is uniform
evenly the ducks are beautiful
pointed one can already knot exactly me
Today I have my first tutorial
So please, as I said so far not
so special
but maybe because of what I am
I would be very happy if micha boni
if you have my proven if
you wanted to see more of them
tutorials then gives my thumb up
if you 're pretty boring and
also meaningless flag then gives me thumbs
she is then down in the ratings
actually quite good as that arrives
and if you want to follow me, you can
do that on twitter and instagram
links are below in the infobox like
always and I have since newest
a facebook fanpage actually one
I already have a few subscribers
said a few subscribers have me
now found on facebook that too
private account then I really take
only people I know personally
I want to go back to the video and then
I was told I should just
times make a facebook fanpage because
you need something like that
yes I do not know he had noren
fetish my dog was operated on
said you need a facebook fanpage
and which I have now created a
that's just the place with blondie
means you can down in the infobox
Look and like to give me a like
put
I like it like you know
how it works
you know facebook i hope you had
nice christmas holidays and if we
I do not want to see each other anymore
a good slide and when does one
semester tell me something to her
New Year's Eve makes the big party
friendly on New Year's Eve you will find
silvester stupid or how is it with you
how is that with you tell me well
then
I wish you a wonderful day
and until the next
June